Improve animation examples (#20732)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/animation/index.md

## Examples

> **Note:** Animating [CSS Box Model](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Box_Model) properties is discouraged. Animating any box model property is inherently CPU intensive; consider animating the [transform](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform) property instead.

### Sun Rise

> Here we animate a a yellow circle representing the sun on a lightblue background representing the sky. The sun rises

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we animate a yellow sun across a light blue sky. The sun rises
```

to the center of the viewport and then falls out of sight.

```html
<div class="sun"></div>
```

```css
:root {
  overflow: hidden; /* hides any part of the sun below the horizon */
  background-color: lightblue;
  display: flex;
  justify-content: center; /* centers the sun in the background */
}

.sun {
  background-color: yellow;
  border-radius: 50%; /* creates a circular background */
  height: 100vh; /* makes the sun the size of the viewport */
  aspect-ratio: 1 / 1;
  animation: 4s linear 0s infinite alternate sun-rise;
}

@keyframes sun-rise {
  from {
    /* pushes the sun down past the viewport */
    transform: translateY(110vh);
  }
  to {
    /* returns the sun to its default position */
    transform: translateY(0);
  }
}
```

{{EmbedLiveSample('Sun_Rise')}}

### Animating Multiple Properties

> Adding onto the sun animation in the previous example, we add a second animation changing the color of the sun as it rises and sets. The sun starts as a dark red below the horizon changing to a bright orange color as it reaches the top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding onto the sun animation in the previous example, we add a second animation changing the color of the sun as it rises and sets. The sun starts off dark red when it is below the horizon and changes to a bright orange as it reaches the top.
```
